.if n.ad l
.nh
.TH consumer.sh 1 "" "Shellman 0.2.1" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
consumer.sh \- Provide functions to ease creation of daemon scripts.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Simple consumers:

Multiple consumers can consume the same directory.
Each time a consumer wants to process a file, it tries to lock it.
To lock it, it tries to create a directory named after the sha256 sum of
the file name (file being a regular file or a directory).
If the lock fails, it means the file is being processed by another consumer,
and the consumer continue to the next file.
If the lock succeeds, the consumer process the file, move the file,
and then remove the lock.
If all files in the directory are locked, consumers wait a certain amount of
time before trying again to process files.
If the directory is empty, consumers wait a certain amount of time before
listing it again.

Chained\-consumers:

Multiple directories can each be consumed by several consumers (note: a
consumer consumes one and only one directory). The processed files transit
from one directory to another, until they finally land in a not\-consumed
directory. In each directory, they are processed accordingly to what the
consumers for this directory are doing (example: filter video files \->
extract audio \-> reencode to specific format \-> normalize to N decibels \->
move to final music folder)
For a particular directory, consumers behave exactly like simple consumers,
except for the following:

    In addition to setting a lock for the current
    directory when processing a file, consumers also set a lock (with the
    potential post\-process name of the file) for the next directory in the
    chain. This is done to avoid files being processed by the next consumers
    before the files are completely moved to the next directory.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.IP "\fBconsumed_dir\fR" 4
Path to directory to consume
.IP "\fBempty_wait\fR" 4
Time to wait (in seconds) when consumed directory is empty.
.IP "\fBlocked_wait\fR" 4
Time to wait (in seconds) when all items in consumed directory are locked.
.SH "FUNCTIONS"
sha STRING
.br
consumer_lock NAME [DIR]
.br
consumer_unlock NAME [DIR]
.br
consumer_locked NAME [DIR]
.br
consumer_unlocked NAME [DIR]
.br
consumer_get FILE...
.br
consumer_send DAEMON FILE...
.br
consumer_location
.br
consumer_empty [DIR]
.br
consumer_consume NAME
.br
consumer [params] [command]
.br
.IP "\fBsha STRING\fR" 4
Compute sha256sum of string

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBSTRING      \fR String to compute sum for

.IP "\fBconsumer_lock NAME [DIR]\fR" 4
Lock the given item thanks to its name

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBNAME        \fR Name of the item to lock
  \fBDIR         \fR Directory in which to create the lock (default to data)

.IP "\fBconsumer_unlock NAME [DIR]\fR" 4
Unlock the given item thanks to its name

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBNAME        \fR Name of the item to unlock
  \fBDIR         \fR Directory in which to remove the lock (default to data)

.IP "\fBconsumer_locked NAME [DIR]\fR" 4
Test if NAME is locked

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBNAME        \fR Name of the item to test
  \fBDIR         \fR Directory in which to check the lock (default to data)

.IP "\fBconsumer_unlocked NAME [DIR]\fR" 4
Test if NAME is unlocked

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBNAME        \fR Name of the item to test
  \fBDIR         \fR Directory in which to check the lock (default to data)

.IP "\fBconsumer_get FILE...\fR" 4
Lock then move each given file into consumed directory

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBFILE        \fR Single or multiple files to move into consumed directory

.IP "\fBconsumer_send DAEMON FILE...\fR" 4
Lock then move each given file to consumed directory of DAEMON

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBDAEMON      \fR The daemon to send the files to (into its consumed directory)
  \fBFILE        \fR Single or multiple files to move into consumed directory

.IP "\fBconsumer_location\fR" 4
Return the path to the consumed directory

.IP "\fBconsumer_empty [DIR]\fR" 4
Test if consumed directory is empty

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBDIR         \fR Directory to check (default to consumed directory)

.IP "\fBconsumer_consume NAME\fR" 4
Consume (process) file identified by NAME. You must rewrite this function.

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBNAME        \fR Name of the file/folder to process

.IP "\fBconsumer [params] [command]\fR" 4
Main consumer function. Handle arguments, launch the loop.

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBconsume DIR\fR
    Directory to consume

  \fBempty\-wait SECONDS\fR
    Time to wait (in seconds) when consumed directory is empty

  \fBlocked\-wait SECONDS\fR
    Time to wait (in seconds) when item is locked

  \fB(command) get ITEM...\fR
    Move specified items into consumed directory

  \fB(command) send ITEM... DIR\fR
    Lock then send specified items from consumed directory to another consumer

  \fB(command) location\fR
    Return the path of the consumed directory


