.if n.ad l
.nh
.TH format.sh 1 "" "Shellman 0.2.1" "User Commands"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Available arguments to the \(cqformat\(cq function:

    Foreground       |  Foreground (intense)
    _________________|________________________________
                     |
    d, default       |
    k, black         |  ik, intenseBlack
    r, red           |  ir, intenseRed
    g, green         |  iG, intenseGreen
    y, yellow        |  iy, intenseYellow
    b, blue          |  ib, intenseBlue
    m, magenta       |  im, intenseMagenta
    c, cyan          |  ic, intenseCyan
    w, white         |  iw, intenseWhite

    Background       |  Background (intense)
    _________________|________________________________
                     |
    od, onDefault    |
    ok, onBlack      |  oik, onIntenseBlack
    or, onRed        |  oir, onIntenseRed
    og, onGreen      |  oiG, onIntenseGreen
    oy, onYellow     |  oiy, onIntenseYellow
    ob, onBlue       |  oib, onIntenseBlue
    om, onMagenta    |  oim, onIntenseMagenta
    oc, onCyan       |  oic, onIntenseCyan
    ow, onWhite      |  oiw, onIntenseWhite

    Style            |  Reset style
    _________________|________________________________
                     |
                     |  ra, RA, reset, resetAll
    B, bold          |  rb, RB, resetBold
    F, faint         |  rf, RF, resetFaint
    I, italic        |  ri, RI, resetItalic
    U, underlin      |  ru, RU, resetUnderline
    K, blink         |  rk, RK, resetBlink
    R, reverse       |  rr, RR, resetReverse
    H, hidden        |  rh, RH, resetHidden
    S, strike        |  rs, RS, resetStrike

    Extra            |  Explanation
    _________________|________________________________
                     |
    nl, newLine      |  Add a newline at the end.
    dr, dryRun       |  Don\(cqt interpret ansi codes.
    er, redirectErr  |  Print on standard error.
    \-\-               |  Stop interpretation of arguments as options.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "\fBformat onBlack intenseGreen faint bold; echo 'SUCCESS!'; format reset\fR" 4
Black background, intense\-green foreground, fainted and bold.
.IP "\fBformat B k U oib nl INFO\fR" 4
Bold, black foreground, underline, intense\-blue background and new line.
.SH "FUNCTIONS"
format [OPTIONS] [ARGS]
.br
.IP "\fBformat [OPTIONS] [ARGS]\fR" 4
Format the output with style and color

.ul
Parameters:
  \fBOPTIONS     \fR Letters or complete names of style/colors.
  \fBARGS        \fR Text to print.

.ul
Standard output:
  The formatted string.


.SH "NOTES"
On linux terminals (tty), high intensity colors will
be replaced by their 8\-colors equivalent.
Also underline, faint and blink will be ignored.
Other available styles may or may not be interpreted by your terminal.

